we
screwed up
Maybe the body has been delivered to the emperor
Don't panic, sir
I have plans
What arrangement?
We will know tomorrow
Not only can you turn bad luck into good luck
save the day
And they all bitten the Duke's Mansion fiercely
Moment with Wang Xun
Zhang Ning was clamoring to see me in the morning
So-called what
Last night, the son of the emperor was assassinated in the mansion
I almost didn't see my father
What was assassinated?
Who did it?
Are you hurt?
You are Zhao Santong
Fortunately, Wang Xun had a good escort last night
Otherwise, you won't be able to see my son
What to dance to kill
That's Dong Shang's family general, right?
Good emperor
We believe that this assassination is what the Dong family claims
And the Dong family was also instructed by others
Why are you looking at this king?
Could it be that he doubts this king?
I'll see what you do.
If you hadn't done it
What are you nervous about?
Did you do this, King Liang?
You recruit from the truth